CHRISTMAS ACCIDENT AT THE REWE SUPERMARKET

I'm standing in the Rewe parking lot. It's evening and it's snowing.  Saturday evening just before twenty. The Rewe is about to close. Mom forgot to buy eggs at lunchtime today because she wanted to bake a cake. Unfortunately, the neighbors didn't have any eggs either, so she sent me out to buy some more. Coincidentally, my boyfriend's mom also had to do some quick shopping at the supermarket, but she wanted to do it quickly by car because she didn't have time. My boyfriend knew this because we had chatted about it briefly, so his mother offered me a ride to the store and simply gave me a lift. When we arrived at the Rewe parking lot, I got out of the car. Distracted by the drive, I hadn't even noticed how beautifully decorated the Rewe store was for Christmas - I only noticed it now, because I had been talking to my friend about the new Brawlstars game the whole way, fascinated. Like me, he only noticed now that it was very Christmassy. Of course, tomorrow was the first day of Advent and many stores had already decorated their stores the Saturday before to attract more customers. There was also a small Christmas market in front of the entrance and my friend could hardly breathe in amazement. Fascinated, we looked at the many glittering Christmas artworks on the individual stalls.
As we were looking at all the things in fascination, I noticed an elderly lady coming out of the Rewe store. Her shopping cart was full of all kinds of goods. She probably wanted to do her weekend shopping before closing time. I couldn't explain it, but something made me look after this lady with fascination, perhaps I was amazed by her unusually loaded shopping cart or how awkwardly she navigated it across the parking lot - I don't know exactly. I was still thinking that the road might be slippery in weather like this, but I couldn't finish my thought when a black car whizzed across the parking lot far too fast. I had a bad feeling. Some people in the distance were already jumping to the side in horror and cursing angrily. “There are little children here,” I heard a worried mother shout as the car continued to approach menacingly. But what was to be expected happened: the car lost control due to the completely excessive speed. It spun in circles and before it came to a halt, it knocked over the woman's shopping cart again with full force.
I can still remember today how all the goods in the lady's shopping cart flew through the air as if in slow motion and even during the flight I thought: “Oh dear, this is going to be a real mess!”. It rattled, everything was on the ground. And all the attention of the surrounding passers-by was focused on this bizarre scene. What luck, nothing else happened to the woman. She stood there in horror and watched the scene. Only after a delay and wild gesticulation, after she had recovered from the shock, did words come out of her mouth and she shouted loudly that the driver should watch out. Full of fascination, we ran excitedly to the event and wanted to see everything up close. I asked the lady if everything was alright, she said: “Thank God”, but when she looked at the disaster she said depressed: “Everything is on the floor, who's going to clean it up for me”. I calmed the visibly agitated lady down and said that we would be happy to help her. But first I advised her to call the police. She did so immediately with her cell phone. In the meantime, something was stirring in the black car, which came to a halt a short distance later with the engine still running.
A visibly shaken man got out of the car. Pale as a sheet and flustered, only stuttering words came out of his mouth such as: “g-g-g-gracious lady a-a-l-l-es i-in Ordnung”. Visibly embarrassed, he looked at the scene he had caused. “T-T-umierleid” he added. “Yes-yes, you probably don't believe that yourself. Driving far too fast here on this slippery road. And people everywhere. Be glad that nothing worse happened!” she slobbered over to him. Completely captivated by what was happening, we didn't even notice that the police had already arrived. Not quite as hurried as the black car but with flashing blue lights, they drove up and stopped next to the event. You could hear the police radio squawking from the police car as two police officers in full gear approached the scene. It was a woman and a man. “Good afternoon, did you call us?” the policeman said as he approached the woman. But then he surveyed the scene first. He put his arms demonstratively on his hips. Having seen enough, he continued after a few seconds, “Then tell me ...”. And so the old lady, quite upset, told him how the accident had happened.
The man just stood there quietly and only said something when the police officers wanted to know something about him. When the questioning was finished, the police officers turned to the surrounding crowd who were still watching in fascination. “Has anyone else seen anything?” he shouted into the crowd. Me and my friend immediately held out our hands, snapping them wildly and shouting “We, We, We...”. So the policeman came over to us and said: “Well then, boys, tell us.” So we proudly told our version of events with shining eyes. When we had finished our story, he just said taciturnly: “Well then, that's a clear-cut case. The driver's insurance will pay for the damage” and then he turned to the driver. “And you'll get away with another misdemeanor for speeding”. Finally, he thanked us again with: “Thanks guys, that helped us a lot. Your testimony will go on the record”. We looked at each other with shining eyes and full of pride. We could hardly believe that we were allowed to testify as witnesses for the first time in our lives.
We hadn't finished rejoicing when the old lady whispered exasperatedly: “Yes, and who's going to help me with all this stuff now?”. “No problem, we said, we'd be happy to help” and eagerly started to put her things back in the shopping cart. Other passers-by also ran over and helped the lady, who was visibly embarrassed and thanked them for their help. “Jeez, you! The supermarket is about to close,” my friend suddenly shouted. The trolley had already been put away anyway, so we left the old lady, who thanked us again from a distance, and hurried into the supermarket...